Javascript can do some really amazing things render the boxes a lot of built in functionality ready
to go within javascript and this section I'm going to show you how to utilize and power up your applications
with pre-built methods that are already available within Javascript.
So first of all the Date object.
So getting access to dates and date information is really easy within javascript.
Also how to use math.
We've seen this before that we can generate random numbers and we could do a whole lot more with numbers
and math in javascript.
Also how we can manipulate strings so take in string information update that string information and
how we can even update content on our Web page depending on what we're trying to update within a string
value.
We're going to create a number of exercises within this section as well.
So there's a string length guessing game that's going to ask you to guess the length of a strip.
There's also a word scramble a guessing game.
So it's going to scramble words and then it's up to you to guess what that scrambled word is.
Also a countdown timer so specifying a date it will count down to the number of days until that date
is met.
And then we're going to build a memory pattern game where it's going to present you with four random
colors and then it's up to you to select those colors and get those colors within that right sequence
that it was presented to you.
And where are you going to be using math random to randomize the colors that we're presenting on the
screen.
And then last but not least we're going to be building out a whack a mole type game where you can whack
computers.
There is a scoring mechanism and this is going to be a graphical game where you got to move your mouse
cursor on top of the computer as it pops up and then click your mouse button in order to score.
So we've got a lot of exciting exercises in this section.
And I know you're excited to get started.
So let's begin coding and let me show you all the really cool things that are built in within javascript.